Duncan Gans, Tom Lucy
fp12: Progress Report 2
Interactive DAta Visualization
11/20/2017

Political Advertisements During the 2015-2016 Election Cycle
FP12: Final Project Progress Report - 2

GOALS:

1: Get minimally functional version of webpage without interactivity
  Create Website organization, and for our visualization, set up the layout
  so that it looks good, and can be easily augmented with Javascript.
2: Begin pre-processing data for time slider interactivity 
  Preprocess data so that we have a matrix of state and month so that we can
  visualize both at the same time. Initially, this will only focus on the 
  positivity and negativity, and the relative issue frequency.
3: Implement time interactivity 
  Allow the user to scroll through the time series and have both of the 
  visualizations update simultaneously. 
4: Pre-process data for adding additional variable interactivity.
  This will allow the opportunity for users to look at different variables in 
  each of the different visualizations.
5. Allow Interactivity to Change Variables
  Add javascript so that users can select to look at different variables on 
  both the chloropleth as well as the bar graph.
6. (Stretch Goal) Allow user to only look at certain subsets of data
  This involves preprocessing data, and creating interactivity to allow the 
  user to look at only data from specific types of races, or for a certain
  certain parties. 
7: (Super Strech Goal) Have the visualization change depending data splices
  This here would certainly be a stretch goal, but if we accomplish 6, we could
  make it so the visualization colors, all around the webpage, would change
  colors.
8: Finalize interactivities and add small aesthetic touches
  Finish Up interactivity and add css/javascript to make it look better
9: Clean up and organize portfolio
10: Create additional description webpages
  For our other pages, such as the colophon, the desctiption of data, etc. 
  write out and finish up those webpages so they are aesthetically appealing
  and accurate.
11: (Stretch Goal) Add relevant events to time slider
  Allow Functionality so that when the Time Slider moves, users can see what 
  happened that month, such as notable debates, conventions, and elections.

This past week we've able to stay on track of our declared weekly goals. We
have finished Goals 1 and 2, as well as made some solid progress on goal 4. 
Our weekly goal was to finish goals 1 and 2, so we are on track. 

We have also made some changes to our future goals. Goal 6 was initialy 
something we were sure we'd be able to do, but after spending lots of time
preprocessing data this past week, we've realized that it might not be as
feasible as we thought. That said, we will still plan to go through with goal
6 if there is time. Furthermore, we thought of additional stretch goals if we
have additional time. These can be seen in goals 7 and 11. Both of these are 
not necessary but could add either aesthetic appeal or helpful context to our
visualizations. 

For the next week, we will focus on finishing goal 3 and 4, and
if we have extra time, finishing goal 5. This should be doable this weekend as 
both of us have simultaneous free time.

Our contribution accounting can be found here:
http://www.bowdoin.edu/~tlucy/csci3665/FinalProject/contributions.html

