Duncan Gans, Tom Lucy
fp123: Progress Report 3
Interactive DAta Visualization
12/06/2017

Political Advertisements During the 2015-2016 Election Cycle
FP13: Final Project Progress Report - 3

GOALS:

1: Get minimally functional version of webpage without interactivity
  Create Website organization, and for our visualization, set up the layout
  so that it looks good, and can be easily augmented with Javascript.
2: Begin pre-processing data for time slider interactivity 
  Preprocess data so that we have a matrix of state and month so that we can
  visualize both at the same time. Initially, this will only focus on the 
  positivity and negativity, and the relative issue frequency.
3: Implement time interactivity 
  Allow the user to scroll through the time series and have both of the 
  visualizations update simultaneously. 
4: Pre-process data for adding additional variable interactivity.
  This will allow the opportunity for users to look at different variables in 
  each of the different visualizations.
5. Allow Interactivity to Change Variables
  Add javascript so that users can select to look at different variables on 
  both the chloropleth as well as the bar graph.
6. (Stretch Goal) Allow user to only look at certain subsets of data
  This involves preprocessing data, and creating interactivity to allow the 
  user to look at only data from specific types of races, or for a certain
  certain parties. 
7: (Super Strech Goal) Have the visualization change depending data splices
  This here would certainly be a stretch goal, but if we accomplish 6, we could
  make it so the visualization colors, all around the webpage, would change
  colors.
8: Finalize interactivities and add small aesthetic touches
  Finish Up interactivity and add css/javascript to make it look better
9: Clean up and organize portfolio
10: Create additional description webpages
  For our other pages, such as the colophon, the desctiption of data, etc. 
  write out and finish up those webpages so they are aesthetically appealing
  and accurate.
11: (Stretch Goal) Add relevant events to time slider
  Allow Functionality so that when the Time Slider moves, users can see what 
  happened that month, such as notable debates, conventions, and elections.

Last week we state our goals for this week were to finish up goals 3 & 4, and 
see if we can make some progress on goal 5. Fortunately we've been able to keep
pace with these weekly goals, and so we have finished goals 1-4, and are close 
to done with goal 5. This means that outside of some bugs we need to fix as 
well as finishing up organizing the portfolio, and adding other minor touches,
we have done all the things we absolutely need to get done. 

We have also made some changes to our future goals. Last week we realized 
finishing goal 6 wasn't necessarily in the cards for this project, given
the amount of time we had. Although it will still be a reach, given our 
extra time, we think we might have time. We will continue to work on the
core goals as well as any stretch goals that are detailed above. 

For the next week, we will focus on finishing goal 5, and try to make some 
solid progress on goals 6 & 7, if that is possible. This involves preprocessing
more data, and making it so users can focus just on democrats or republicans. 
Finally, we will be spending this week making things more aesthetically
appealing, bug-free, and smoother.

Our contribution accounting can be found here:
http://www.bowdoin.edu/~tlucy/csci3665/FinalProject/contributions.html
