Duncan Gans, Tom Lucy
fp123: Progress Report 4
Interactive DAta Visualization
12/15/2017

Political Advertisements During the 2015-2016 Election Cycle
FP14: Final Project Progress Report - 4

GOALS:

1: Get minimally functional version of webpage without interactivity
  Create Website organization, and for our visualization, set up the layout
  so that it looks good, and can be easily augmented with Javascript.
2: Begin pre-processing data for time slider interactivity 
  Preprocess data so that we have a matrix of state and month so that we can
  visualize both at the same time. Initially, this will only focus on the 
  positivity and negativity, and the relative issue frequency.
3: Implement time interactivity 
  Allow the user to scroll through the time series and have both of the 
  visualizations update simultaneously. 
4: Pre-process data for adding additional variable interactivity.
  This will allow the opportunity for users to look at different variables in 
  each of the different visualizations.
5. Allow Interactivity to Change Variables
  Add javascript so that users can select to look at different variables on 
  both the chloropleth as well as the bar graph.
6. (Stretch Goal) Allow user to only look at certain subsets of data
  This involves preprocessing data, and creating interactivity to allow the 
  user to look at only data from specific types of races, or for a certain
  certain parties. 
7: (Super Strech Goal) Have the visualization change depending data splices
  This here would certainly be a stretch goal, but if we accomplish 6, we could
  make it so the visualization colors, all around the webpage, would change
  colors.
8: Finalize interactivities and add small aesthetic touches
  Finish Up interactivity and add css/javascript to make it look better
9: Clean up and organize portfolio
10: Create additional description webpages
  For our other pages, such as the colophon, the desctiption of data, etc. 
  write out and finish up those webpages so they are aesthetically appealing
  and accurate.
11: (Stretch Goal) Add relevant events to time slider
  Allow Functionality so that when the Time Slider moves, users can see what 
  happened that month, such as notable debates, conventions, and elections.

Last week we were able to finish all the goals except 11, a stretch goal. This means also finishing stretch goal 6 and 7. We didn't make it possible to splice by race, but we could splice by party. We have now finished the project.


Our contribution accounting can be found here:
http://www.bowdoin.edu/~tlucy/csci3665/FinalProject/internal/contributions.html